---
layout: post
title: "Firefox issue with ng-slider"
description: "This is my test post"
category: user
tags: [firefox, ng-slider]
---
{% include JB/setup %}

### A problem
I was working on my project which was using [ng-slider](http://darul75.github.io/ng-slider/) and one day double value slider just stopped working out of the blue, no errors or anything it just won't respond to clicks. I quickly booted chrome to check out if it works correctly there and it was working fine. Opera, also - fine. I haven't updated firefox recently and it _was_ working perfectly before, firefox is my primary browser after all. So next step, I thought, let's try safe-mode in case it's problem with some addon updates. 


~~~bash
firefox -safe-mode
~~~


Nah, same problem. Ok, maybe it _is_ a version issue. So I quickly get some old versions from arch rollback machine and start them up - and they all fail. I'm a bit baffled at this point, I mean I do remember it working fine before, just a few days ago. So what's wrong then?


### Bingo!
Well what was wrong is that I assumed that safe-mode resets all your profile settings to default for the session. Which it obviously doesn't do. Once I created a new profile problem disappeared. Now I knew what was causing an issue - it was my profile settings. I still had to isolate it to a particular settings key value pair. Prefs.js which stores your profile settings is quite big file(~500 keys), at least it is in my case with dozen of addons installed. What's the best way to go about this? To be honest I've still haven't figured out a better solution than just applying a manual "divide and conquer" algorithm on it. So I copied the whole keyset to my new profile and started deleting half by half while checking if my slider works. And it brings us to the culprit:


~~~javascript
user_pref("dom.w3c_touch_events.enabled", 1);
~~~


If you google it, some bugreports will show up discussing the reason it is not enabled by default is because it messes up some popular websites. Anyway since I have no touchscreen there's no sense for me to enable it and I still have no clue how it got enabled in the first place. It's either my memory or some addon is playing up.


